Setting up the game:
1. Start the game with 3 distinct Champions facedown on the field and a facedown main deck of 60-100 cards.
2. Decide which player is going first then each player flips their Champions and draws 7 cards.
*If using a chess clock, it starts when player 1 draws their hand.

Each turn a player can do 1 of the following actions:
1. Draw a card
2. Activate a Spell card from hand.
3. Equip 1 Equipment from your hand to a Champion.
4. Activate an 'Activated Effect' of an equipped Equipment you control.
5. Activate an 'Activated Effect' of a Champion you control.

The Game Ends when one the following occurs:
- One players has all 3 of their Champions defeated
- Win by card effect i.e. 'Quarter Pillar of the Sky'
- One player forfeits
- Both players agree to a draw
- Time runs out if using a clock

There are 3 types of cards: Champions, Equipment, and Spells.
- Champions have health, effects, and equipment slots. When all of a player's Champions are defeated: they lose the duel.
- Equipment comes in different element types and can only be equipped to a Champion's slot of the corresponding type. Only 1 Equipment can be equipped in each slot. Equipment cannot be moved from Champion to Champion.
- Spells can be activated from your hand. After a spell's effect resolves it is sent to the Grave via game rule.

Cards can have 3 types of effects: Activated, Trigger, and Passive.
- Activated Effects can be activated by the turn player and count as their turn.
- Trigger Effects can be activated by either player when a specific condition is met listed on their card; they don't count as a turn.
- Passive effects are not activated and are always live; they don't count as a turn.

Keywords:
Discard - a form of sending cards from Hand to Grave
Destroy - a form of sending Equipment from Field to Grave
Heal - 
Deal - 
When/if - 
Then - 
And - 
Or - 
Return - 
Shuffle - 
Draw - 
Place - 
Apply - 
Take control - 
Flip facedown - 
Equip - 

Best of 3 Matches:
Games are played with 60-100 cards and 3 Champions while best of 3 matches may also include a 20 card side deck and 5 total Champions.
At the start of each game players will choose and place 3 of their Champions face down. Games start with players flipping their Champions and drawing their hand.
Before games 2 and 3 in a match, players may substitute cards in their main deck with cards from their side deck. The number of cards in each must remain consistent throughout the match.

FAQ:
- There is no hand size limit.
- There is no turn limit.
- Some gamestates have no forced wins for either player and may require a draw agreement to end.
  Example: Player 1 controls only The Sacred Spring while Player 2 controls only Fire Dagger. The game will only end when both players come to agreement on a draw.
  Example: Player 1 controls only The Sacred Spring while Player 2 controls only Fire Dagger but has a Celestial Shower and Fire Dagger in Deck. Player 2 has a forced win.
- If a gamestate has no forced wins and one player refuses to come to a draw agreement, a judge can be called to determine if the gamestate has no forced wins.
  The judge may request for the players to continue playing to confirm the lack of forced wins causes an infinite loop. The judge may assign a draw based on their judgement.
  When a player claims they have a forced win, the judge may ask that player to undertake certain optional actions to determine if that player has a forced win.
    If these actions cause that player to lose, a draw is awarded.
    If these actions cause that player to win, the gamestate is proven to have forced wins.
    Example: Player 1 thinks the gamestate is a draw with no forced wins and calls over a judge while Player 2 believes the gamestate has one or more forced wins by drawing a specific card in their deck.
             The judge may ask Player 2 to carry out their forced win by drawing cards from their deck instead of continuing the infinite loop.
- The game ends instantly when all of one player's Champions are defeated.
  Example: Technician Magician is player 1's last remaining Champion. If Player 2 defeats Technician Magician, they win the game before Technician Magician's effect activates.
- Spell cards stay on the field when activated then go to the Grave after that effect resolves.
- You start with 3 Champions but can have more at a time through cards such as Mind Control.
- Spells, Equipment, and Champions will all go to the Player's Grave who owns the card, regardless of who had control of that card in another game location (field, hand)
- Cards with effects that activate when they are or would be destroyed can only be activated by the player who controls that card in its destruction location, regardless of the card's original owner.
- Facedown equipment cards take up a slot but their effects are not active. This includes activated, trigger, and passive effects.
- Facedown equipment cards are inferred to be equipment of the corresponding element to whichever slot they are equipped to, but lose other identifying factors such as their name.
  Example: A facedown Grenade equipped to a fire slot is considered a fire equipment and not an earth equipment. It also does not have the name Grenade and cannot activate its effect.
  Example: A face up Grenade equipped to a fire slot is considered an earth equipment.
- Facedown cards flip face up when destroyed or moved to the Grave.
- If a facedown card has a trigger that activates when it is destroyed, that trigger effect can still activate since the effect occurs when the equipment is face up in Grave.
- Card effects with the word or apply 1 of 2+ effects and the options are separated from other parts of the card's effect by the word 'then'
  Example: Poppin' Pufferfish when activated must destroy itself then can choose between healing or dealing damage thanks to the effects wording of: Destroy Then Heal or Deal.

Specific Card Rulings:

Extra Padding:
  Increases a Champion's max health by 50 and because that Champion has still taken the same amount of damage it effectively raises their current health by the same amount.
    Example: A Champion that has 60/100 health gets equipped with Extra Padding and now has 110/150 health.
  Champions may be defeated if their health drops to 0 after Extra Padding becomes unequipped.
  Must be equipped to an empty equipment slot on a Champion that you control.
Greedy Rage:
  Its effect does not trigger if Greedy Rage is also sent to the Grave. Greedy Rage must remain on the field in order to activate.
    Example: Hestia has both Greedy Rage and Fire Dagger equipped and sends both to the Grave. Greedy Rage cannot activate.
    Example: Magma Slug has both Greedy Rage and Fire Dagger equipped and sends only Fire Dagger to the Grave. Greedy Rage can activate to deal 20 additional damage.
Copycat:
  Requires the effect you are attempting to copy to be activatable.
    Example: Copycat cannot copy Shoddy Craftsmanship because the condition 'If your opponent equipped 1 Equipment last turn' wasn't met.
    Example: Copycat can only copy Love Potion of Fiery Heart if you have a Fire Equipment in hand.
  The opponent must Activate a Spell; this requires them activating that spell from hand to use its activated effect.
    Example: Copycat cannot copy Decoy if only Decoy's trigger effect was activated.
    Example: Copycat can copy Decoy if the opponent activated Decoy's activated effect; and will apply Decoy's activated effect to add a copy of itself but not its trigger effect to draw.
  The keyword 'this' refers to the copy of Copycat that was activated.
    Example: Pressure returns 'this' card to hand so Copycat copying Pressure will return Copycat to hand.
Rewind:
  Must be equipped to an appropriate Equipment Slot as if it were equipped from hand.
Aegis:
  Effect is optional and occurs before any damage is dealt, due to the words 'can' and 'would'
Totsuka-no-Tsurugi:
  Activated effect cannot be activated while Equipped. Activated effects on spells can only be activated as spells, from the hand.
Puppy Mill:
  Cannot deck out the opponent. Sending the top cards of their deck does not equate to drawing with an empty deck to lose. Decking out can only be done via drawing.
    Example: Player one has 1 card in Deck and Player 2 uses Puppy Mill. The lone card in Player one's deck is sent to the Grave, but Player one does not deck out.
Fenrir Reborn:
  Fenrir Reborn can only trigger it's effect once per game.
    Example: Fenrir Reborn is revived by its own effect and revived again with Blessing of the Phoenix. Fenrir Reborn cannot be revived again from its own effect, but can be revived with another copy of Blessing of the Phoenix.
Medusa's Head:
  Only prevents the activated effect of the affected equipment.
    Example: Popping Spores is activated to add Infection to hand then Medusa's Head is activated in response to Popping Spores. That copy of Popping Spores cannot activate its activated effect while on the field, but if that Popping Spores is destroyed its trigger effect can still be activated.
  Must respond to an Equipment's activated effect and that Equipment must still be on the field when Medusa's Head is activated.
Mind Control:
  Any Equipment equipped to the Champion that switches control stays equipped to that Champion.
  Champions return to their original owners Grave when defeated.
  Champions with effects that activate when the Champion is defeated or would be defeated can only be activated by the player who controlled that Champion on the Field.
    Example: Player 1 controls Fenrir and Player 2 takes control of it using Mind Control. If Fenrir is defeated while Player 2 controls it, Player 2 can activate Fenrir's effect while Player 1 cannot. Fenrir then returns to Player 1's Grave.
Empty Gift:
  If Empty Gift is equipped to a Champion controlled by your opponent, your opponent can activate the effect of Empty Gift as the controller of the card, but you cannot.
Intermezzo:
  Spells activated my Intermezzo should be activated normally from hand and typical conditions for activating each spell apply.
Twisted Compulsion:
  Only applies to an Equipment's activated effect.
    Example: Player 1 uses Twisted Compulsion on Player 2's Strawman. Player 2 can play out their turn as normal since Strawman has no activated effect for Player 2 to activate.
  You cannot activate an opponents equipment unless specified by that equipment.
    Example: Player 1 uses Twisted Compulsion on their own Grenade. Player 2 (and Player 1 on the next turn) can play out a normal turn since Player 2 cannot activate Player 1's Grenade.
Water Beetle:
  If two separate cards deal damage to Water Beetle in the same turn, Water Beetle reduces the damage dealt by both cards.
  Cards that deal variable amounts of damage to a Champion deal that damage in one hit.
    Example: Player 1 uses Tidal Wave to destroy their Sapphire Gemstone and Deal damage to Player 2's Water Beetle. Tidal Wave deals 30 (40-10) damage to Water Beetle and Sapphire Gemstone deals 10 (20-10).
Cobbled Club:
  A card equipped by Cobbled Club then destroyed can still activate it's trigger effect if it has a trigger when destroyed or sent to Grave.
    Example: A player equips a facedown Strawman with Cobbled Club then destroys it with Celestial Shower; Strawman can be activated to deal 10 damage since it is flipped face up when sent to Grave.
  A player who activates Cobbled Club may look at the card being equipped facedown and does not have to reveal it to the opponent.
