Prompts for new card artwork

Generic wording:
The next image I would like you to generate for my fantasy card game is 
The focus of the image should be 
The style should be colorful, detailed, intricate, mystical, epic, realistic, psychedelic, and cartoon inspired with nice line work.


Elemental Blast:
a high-tech giant bronze cannon. The base of the cannon has four large lights that are red, blue, green, and yellow respectively. The cannon is placed in the middle of a giant cobblestone pavilion at the edge between a quaint town and lush mystical forest.

Catalytic Converter:
a large fantasy high-tech bronze machine that converts catalyst orbs to water. One end of the machine should be pouring a thin stream of sparkling water into a shallow basin attached to the machine. The other end of the machine should have a row of catalyst orbs being fed into the machine, where catalyst orbs appear as small balls of shining blue energy encased in an ornate metal mesh. Small potion vials should be attached to the machine near the basin with some vials empty and others full of the sparkling water. The machine should be placed on a grassy riverbank with a lush fantasy forest in the distance.

Chained Detonation:
a skinny smiling goblin standing at the entrance of a cave mine at the base of a small mountain holding the red handle of a blasting cap detonator connected by a black rope to an explosion near the top of the mountain.

Dagger Upgrade:
the ancient greek god Hephaestus dressed in white robes and hammering away at an a red hot dagger on an anvil. Hephaestus should have a large upper body with skinny sickly legs and a cane and a determined sweaty brow. The background should be cavernous, rocky, and dimly lit by the forge with a pair of white ancient greek columns.

Decoy:
Use Lexi and Jamie's artwork instead of AI

Greedy Rage:
an angry rageful scrawny little goblin dressed in rags should be yelling and holding a torch while other goblins should be on the street in front of a fancy bank with broken windows. Some skinny, smilling, poor goblins should be running in and out of the bank holding gold coins, jewels, jewelery, watches, potions, and gold bars while dressed in rags. There should also be other frightened goblins all wearing fancy expensive modern outfits.

Pressure:
the face of a stressed goblin child. The goblin should be green but showing shades of red in the cheeks due to being flustered, with sweat rolling down his face. The goblin should be sitting at a desk holding a pencil with a sheet of paper on the desk. The background should be an immersive classroom that appears to be melting psychedelically and should feature a clock.

Sovereign of the Southern Skies:

Thunderbird:
a massive intimidating regal golden bird perched in a massive nest at the peak of a rugged mountain. The bird should have small bolts of static electricity running across and emanating from its body, and have glowing yellow eyes. The background should be a tropical fantasy archipelago with small lush islands and rocky cliff faces.

Fire Golem:

Volcanic Slug:

Extra Padding:

Vengeful Rage:

Tidal Wave:

Sacred Spring:

Raging Sea of the East:

Raging Sea of the West:

Rapid Winds:

Quarter Pillar of the Sky:



Notes from Game Print Shop:
Our website will only accept RGB images. CMYK images will be rejected.
However, for the closest color matching, we recommend that designers develop in CMYK and then convert their files to RGB before uploading them to our site.
